This week was kind of overwhelming
We worked with Json and data, which I thought was pretty interesting
But I need to get used to it, because some parts of it were confusing
It was cool to see that we can get data from anywhere and use it in the code
For example, I had no idea we could use Reddit as a source to get data, so that was pretty cool
I was also able to work on and finish my 2nd project this week
For my 2nd project, I decided to do the Recombination project
Going into this, I was kind of lost because I didn't know what I wanted to do.
At first, I was thinking of doing a remix of a picture I took when I was in Yosemite
But I decided that I wanted to do a remix of a poem, because this way, not only can I learn more about html, but I could also experience more with CSS and DOM methods
Though initially I did not want to do my 2nd project using html, and I did not feel confident, I thought it would be a good opportunity to learn.
I used an example we did in class about a week ago, and I kind of built off of that. Here is the link to the example: https://editor.p5js.org/Mzdn77/sketches/OVonHQWI1
For my poem, I looked at a popular piece by the Persian Poet Rumi
I got the English translation, and I reworded it into my own words; this way, the poem feels more personal in a way.
The main theme of the poem is going beyond judgment, and even language, so I wanted my remix to kind of reflect that.
Since it was my first time actually doing HTML and css, I did have some trouble understanding basic concepts.
Like, for example, I was a bit confused on how html, css and javascript all work together, and it took some time to learn what each language is responsible for
I also ran into some trouble trying to make the last sentence fade away, and also with the whole transition part in general
But after finding out about some of the DOM methods like getElementById() and classList.toggle(), I was able to get the transition to work.
Honestly, I'm pretty happy with the work I did. And to be honest, I wanted to do cooler stuff and add more features, but I'm still not very confident.
Overall, I think this was a good learning curve. I feel more comfortable with HTML, css, and javascript than I did before.
